portal glass and finger all mobile in
entertainment on glafi.com
Good day to all with you varnish
this agree dot com and today we
talk about rena who is not renekton
This is a tank that has a good one.
damage and ohil take it to the top and
going hockey defense
playing ri nobody on the first level i
I pump over with her at the beginning easier
you can kill mobs
take the second level
to harass an opponent on the line and
on the third level, taking in the same cabinet
could kill him max prefer
first kew then i'm the ultimate out
queues such a way of pumping skills
gives us the opportunity to quickly clean
line and pushin here is an example of a standard and
most often used combination narine
Anyone when you have a red stripe
furious jump to the enemy through the bomb
flash drive then use it q
auto attack and then fly back 2
Yes, or pursue him if you
not enough hbk
and instead harass an opponent
you would not hurt podhilitsya change
in some places I drink this way you all
equally hung good damage and at the same time
Lean back from some
there will be a question if we max out
why waste rage on the tower here everything
just the tower is considered to be double
auto attack with rage it increases a
When buying at least an izuvera, you will
skype applied in more damage than the
Now let's talk about preparing for the game in
runes i take marks on d print for protection
quintessence on d and character on
magical defense
if you see that they are playing against you
weak on characters
can change characters to abbreviations
recharge time if available
free will remain hands in talents
bias make defense and some attack
reduced recharge time and
useful passive which increases
Allied opponent damage after
your style
since renekton tank and must
be in the middle of the kneading this
passivka here just to the place now about
items at first i buy either shield
doran if i stand against the character
either not too hard and champions either
cloth armor i take in case
We stand against a strong adhesnik which
trying to crush us at the start of the type
riven or panther
on the remaining coin buy snares
I usually collect the cape of the sun
flame gives us armor hp and passive
which deals damage to everyone around
opponents with our ultimate
well raise the knead give on
Farm help boots on magician resists
reduction of control duration
ghost blade is a very useful item
which in addition to the attack and punching gives
us the chance of crit means that it is faster
niko can transmit beyond that gives
acceleration is useful for us
initiating the vestments of spirits which
besides hp and resist magician gives us
the ability to stick with a stick is stronger
varma which gives much hp and besides
this reagent with perfume vestments
legends will grow very much even
it is not necessary to return to the base when
low health and guardian angel
raises our protection performance and gives
opportunity has risen possible
items i have boots on physical protection
what can we collect instead of shoes on
Cape if on Taba is disgusting is strong
dyspnea for example against hryvnia which
first cause major damage
auto attack this boot will be much
beneficial righteous glory which besides
convenient form allows them to return
initiate the whole team can collect
instead of Armavir, the black ax gives us
a lot of hp damage and movement speed
the battle
hydra gives us tremendous damage and
the ability to quickly clean the waves
collect only in the case of domination on
Chip armor lines increase our
protection and gives you the opportunity to return
Part of the physical damage collected against
randuin's ad teams
the case that spike gives us xp armor
and the ability to slow everyone down
the mouth of Malmortius will be needed against
gives us strong rivals like a magician
protection and shield from I can ron on small and
decent damage
We only buy a bottle of increase
came build gives us the opportunity
faster out of tans medallion gives
we xp and the store gives others
useful aura and asset
a shield that absorbs a bit of damage
acts on all allies near and
frozen hammer can also be collected
instead of war brain if you feel that you
enough survival for not enough damage
the style of the game hall nobody at very simple
farm and bye teleport to your team
ganky killing the dragon and push when
break your tower go to allies and
start walking teams help them
ultimate training guns makes it
very strong and living so don't
be careful not to take off pushing under the tower and either
tank in tanks
renekton on confronting such characters
like for example a horn or shivana are those
characters that no one can
it's so easy to kill and instead they put
he does a good deal of damage against him
small amount of armor
well and you were asya and thanks for
view subscribe to the channel
join our group vkontakte
which is called league graph moba and
follow the news on the website glafi.com